Workflow documentation, creating pull request (#2389)
radareorg/cutter: README.md

Cutter is available for all platforms (Linux, macOS, Windows).
You can download the latest release [here](https://github.com/radareorg/cutter/releases).

* macOS: Download the latest `.dmg` file or use [Homebrew Cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask) `brew cask install cutter`
* Windows: Download the latest Zip archive.

> * Linux: Download the latest AppImage file. Then just make it executable and run it:

Author: nothing has changed here. may be my vim markdown extension did some auto formatting here

Reviewer: Please revert changes to this part. It is supposed to be nested list instead of single flat list.

Author: it is nested.

Author: may be comment makes it to look like they are in same line

Author: which editor do you guys use for markdown editing

You can find our documentation in our [website](https://cutter.re/docs/).

## Plugins

Cutter supports both Python and Native C++ plugins. Want to extend Cutter with Plugins? Read the [Plugins](https://cutter.re/docs/plugins) section on our documentation.

### Official and Community Plugins

Our community built many plugins and useful scripts for Cutter such as the native integration of Ghidra decompiler or the plugin to visualize DynamoRIO code coverage. You can find more plugins in the [following list](https://github.com/radareorg/cutter-plugins). Don't hesitate to extend it with your own plugins and scripts for Cutter.

> ### Contribute
> 
> Take a look at [contributing docs](https://cutter.re/docs/contributing.html).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Contributing to Cutter
Our [Contributing docs](https://cutter.re/docs/contributing.html) contain the things you need to know in order to contribute code, documentation, plugins and translations to Cutter.

```
